Previously on Prison Break:
I'm looking for someone. A
guy named Lincoln Burrows.
Man killed the Vice
President's brother.
Why you want to see
Burrows so bad anyhow?
Because he's my brother.
I'm getting you out of
here. It's impossible.
Not if you designed
the place. it isn't.
You've seen the
blueprints. Better than that.
I've got them on me.
Nick Savrinn. As of
now. both of you are dead.
This is Bellick. Our
wing has been breached.
Marilyn. no!
The chair isn't the only way
to take a man's life in prison.
What are you doing?
Your father's
already in trouble.
There's nothing
we can do about it.
Come on!
My first assignments on PI.
we were up here
cleaning out toxic mold.
PI didn't go there.
We'd never assign
inmates to do that.
Tyler Robert.
This here must be your daughter.
It's over. We don't
need him no more.
You're not gonna kill him.
One for the team.
Seventeen days from now.
they strap my brother
to an electric chair.
send 50.000 volts
coursing through his body
for a crime he didn't commit.
I'm here to make sure
that doesn't happen.
I've been in Fox River
nearly three weeks now.
In that time. I've managed
to get out the back of my cell
and into the old steam pipes
that run beneath the prison.
Those pipes are our way out.
Think of this place
like it's a map of the US.
Our cell over there.
that's New York City.
Infirmary. our exit.
that's California.
The pipes beneath our
feet that connect the two...
Route 66.
Route 66. Our
ticket out of here.
I assume we're
doing this at night.
That's right.
We're locked up. Fish.
and your boy is in solitary.
How we just gonna
fly out of our cages
and right into your cell.
right into New York City?
You're not.
You're gonna meet me halfway.
In St. Louis.
Route 66 runs directly
beneath that building.
It's the only building sitting
on top of those tunnels.
All we gotta do is
get in there on PI
and dig ourselves an on-ramp.
Shortly after we
hit the infirmary.
Then we'll be
outside those walls.
What's in there?
It's an old storage room.
I figure John here can
pull all the strings he needs.
It's not that easy. Fish.
That's a restricted area.
I got to be able to justify
it to the bulls. you know.
There's gotta be some
actual work to be done in there
for me to get in
there. You follow?
Then you better figure it out.
'Cause if we don't
get in that room.
we're not getting out of here.
I'm feeling kind of left out.
New York.
California. St. Louis...
What are we discussing?
Talking baseball. actually.
Huh.
Now. that's a subject I just
happen to know quite a bit about.
What a shame. The
conversation's over.
Really. now. that any
way to treat a teammate?
I'm coming along
on this endeavor
whether you like it or not.
'Cause I got a hell of a
singing voice otherwise.
I won't take that
piece of crap along.
I won't do it.
Me. neither.
We won't have to.
He'll be out of the
picture soon enough.
The state provides
$25.000 insurance.
Plus donations from the Illinois
Corrections Officers' Foundation.
That's the last thing on
my mind right now. Warden.
Do you know who killed him?
We have some leads.
But I can promise you this.
We are not going to rest until
we find out what happened.
His pictures are missing.
He had a photo of
our daughter in here.
Not to worry. We'll find them.
I begged him not
to take this job.
Shauna. I am so sorry.
I'll walk you to your car.
Captain. I need to speak
with you for a second.
I'll meet you in the hallway.
I want the son of
a bitch who did this.
Now. you do whatever
you need to do to find him.
You understand?
We have five boxes.
Wanna give me a hand?
Veronica.
That phone call was
textbook scare tactics.
That's what they want.
They want to scare us from
doing what they know we can do.
And what's that?
Expose them.
This guy bothering you
again. Miss Donovan?
No. Lukasz. The other
night was my fault.
It was a misunderstanding.
Okay. But if you
need anything...
Trust me. You'll be
the first person I call.
Here. Let me.
Those boxes contain seven
years of criminal appellate work.
If there's a precedent
in there somewhere
that can help us suspend
Lincoln's execution.
we're gonna find it.
You can just leave those by
the door. Lukasz. I'll bring them in.
Oh. that's okay. I've
got your key right here.
If I didn't know better. I would
say Lukasz was sweet on you.
Very funny.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Fire.
What?
Fire. We burn the place down.
How's that gonna help us?
A few years ago. the
chapel burned down.
and the D.O.C. realized
they had some toxic issues.
You know. asbestos.
lead paint. you name it.
They couldn't find a contractor.
so they put the
inmates on the job.
We spent like five. six
hours in there at a time.
But the good news is. no
guards came around almost at all.
Can you get us in there?
Been doing a
little. uh. thinking.
I'm gonna need
a PI card. aren't I?
I mean. that's where this
whole thing is happening.
isn't it?
It's on its way.
You're slow-walking
me. aren't you?
Why would I do such a thing?
You think Bellick's gonna pop me
for shanking that CO. Bob.
Maybe you'll take a little walk
and tell him for
yourself. right?
And I'll be out of
your hair for good.
Well. I got news for you.
If I go down for killing
Bob. believe me.
I'm gonna take a
little walk of my own.
Tell them about that hole
you got behind your toilet.
So.
how about that PI card?
I don't know if you remember.
but that summer
before fifth grade.
when I stayed with
you a couple weeks.
and you thought I broke
your glass coffee table?
Uh-huh.
And when you came
home. I denied it.
But you told me
you could care less
about the coffee table.
you just didn't want
me lying to you.
And you said I'd
feel a lot better
if I just told you the truth.
and you promised
not to be angry.
I remember.
Well. I broke it.
I know.
You know. if there's anything
that you want to
get off of your chest.
you can tell me.
and I promise I won't get angry.
You want to know
if I killed that guy?
I. uh. went there planning
to do something wrong.
But I didn't kill that guy.
Someone's working hard
to make it look like I did.
Anyway. there's a chance
the execution may not happen.
What?
Veronica's working my case.
and I got a reporter
coming today
who actually
believes I'm innocent.
So I ain't dead yet.
LJ. look at me.
You gotta have faith. kid.
Just have a little faith.
Kellerman.
Well?
Taken care of.
Good.
Now move on to the second thing.
If you could see
what we're looking at.
believe me. Burrows is
gonna get the message.
Which is what you've
assured me of before.
Yet that message keeps
getting returned to sender.
Now move on the second
thing. and report back.
We're headed there now.
You're thinking too much.
Yeah. God forbid.
He's gonna toss
every cell in this block
until he finds the killer.
If he tosses this one.
he's going to find the hole
back there in a heartbeat.
I know.
We gotta turn T-Bag in.
That's the only way it'll stop.
We turn him in. he'll talk.
So we're screwed
either way. aren't we?
Which one? Right there.
St. Louis.
What the hell are
you doing here?
Clean-up detail. We
thought this was storage.
Does this look like
storage to you. you idiot?
It's a restricted area.
This is a CO break
room. Now. back it up.
Back it up now!
Sorry. Officer.
Won't happen again.
A freaking break room?
Are you kidding me?
They must've changed
it since the retrofit.
The bulls are
camped out in there.
They'll never leave.
You got a back-up
plan? There isn't one.
It's the only room
sitting on top of that pipe.
It's the only way out. and
we gotta get back in there.
Impossible. Fish.
Maybe not. Check it out.
I don't get it.
How come they let him
into the guards' room?
He's a trustee.
The ones with the
highest security clearance.
But why him? He can be trusted.
How does one become a trustee?
Just have a spotless
record for the last 30 years.
Pretty much
counts all of us out.
Which means we've
got to get him onboard.
Forget it. The
guy's a boy scout.
Mr. Westmoreland.
Hey. Michael.
You found your cat yet?
Still MIA.
You can always get another.
I don't want another.
Besides. it's a moot point.
She was grandfathered.
Once she's gone. no more pets.
Wouldn't be an issue if
you were on the outside.
Still tugging on that leash. eh?
Yep.
And this is the part where
I extend a formal invitation.
'Cause you still
think I'm D.B. Cooper.
I don't think. I know.
The way I see it.
you're in here doing 60-to-life
for a vehicular manslaughter.
It would've been 20.
but the car you
were in was stolen.
Felony murder rule
cubes up your sentence.
and here you are.
Hitting that woman
was an accident.
But the car?
No one accidentally
steals a car.
So the question is.
why would Charles Westmoreland
be in Arizona boosting a car.
10 states away
from where he lived.
and only 10 miles away
from the Mexican border?
And why. two days before that.
would someone make a phone call
to his wife from a
motel in Portland.
a stone's throw
away from the airport
out of which. shortly after.
Flight 305 was hijacked
by one D.B. Cooper.
Seven hours after the hijacking.
records show
Charles Westmoreland
was treated for a busted knee
at a free clinic
in Brigham City.
Only way to get from
Portland. Oregon.
to Brigham City.
Utah in seven hours.
is in a car.
breaking every land-speed
record known to man.
or flying.
It's public record D.B.
Cooper jumped out of that 727
about an hour after takeoff.
Taking a dive at 10.000 feet
with $1.5 million in cash and
a hastily packed parachute
might make for a
pretty rough landing.
Rough enough to
shatter some bones.
Maybe even a left knee.
D.B. Cooper would've had a car
waiting for him when he landed.
According to D.M.V.
records. in 1971.
Charles Westmoreland was the
proud owner of a '65 Chevy Nova.
As it happens. a '65 Chevy Nova
with the registration
number scraped off
was found abandoned
with a blown gasket
along the Arizona border
a mile or two away from where
you accidentally hit that woman
with your stolen car.
Interesting story.
Interesting man.
But you didn't answer one thing.
What's that?
Maybe I did hurt my
knee. I did steal that car.
and I did accidentally
hit that poor lady.
But how could I
have hijacked a plane
in Portland on November 24th.
when I was in Folsom.
finishing up a 30-day
drunk and disorderly?
I hope you aren't hanging this
whole escape on that money.
'cause I'm not the
one in possession of it.
Thanks for the invite. though.
Veronica.
Veronica. come on.
We're okay.
How is this okay. Nick?
Somebody just tried to kill us.
I know. I was there.
Then act like it. okay?
We just watched a man burn
to death right in front of us.
My God.
Lukasz. My God.
It's okay. it's okay.
We just left him there.
There was nothing
we could do for him.
He was dead as soon
as he opened the door.
I am trying so hard to
understand all this. Nick.
Who these people
are. what they want.
How we just walked
away from there
without even calling the police.
We did it because these
people we're dealing with
won't stop until we're dead.
Now. if they think we're
dead. like they do right now.
maybe we get a little
breathing room here.
We figure out what
our next move is.
No. we should go to the police.
I've been telling myself the
same thing. But you know what?
They're bigger than the police.
Now. we go to the authorities.
and all we're gonna be doing.
is broadcasting to
them that we're still alive
and then we got their target
right on our backs again.
We can't hide forever.
No. no. maybe
not forever. But I...
I think I know a place we
can. at least for a little while.
We'll just have to go
in there ourselves then.
Like I said. unless the old
man's in. it's not possible.
And even if it were.
with the guards in there.
there's no way in hell
they're just gonna sit back
and watch us start a fire.
See. I already figured that
part out. I've been thinking.
And?
That thing you're doing
at the Pope's office.
you're using rubber
cement? Yeah.
Can you get some out
of there? Maybe. Why?
Look. there's a coffee maker
in the guards' room. right?
I got a hook-up with one
of my boys in the kitchen.
If we can get rubber cement
in the bottom of that coffee pot.
when the burner goes on...
It's a good idea.
But without Westmoreland.
we're never getting in that room.
He doesn't want any
part of the escape? No.
Well. what does he want?
He's gotta want something.
Everybody wants something.
Come on. kitty. Come on.
Here. kitty. kitty. kitty.
Yes. that's a good girl.
Come on.
I don't believe it.
Thank you. You're welcome.
Where'd you find her?
In the yard. By the chapel.
Why do I get the feeling
there's a string
attached to this?
Not a string. Just a favor.
I'm not D.B. Cooper.
That's all right.
'Cause it's not gonna take D.B.
Cooper to do what I need done.
What's that?
All I want you to do
is take a certain coffee pot into
the guard room at a certain time
and turn the burner on.
Why?
Let's just say it'd be in
everyone's best interest
if a fire were
to start in there.
Marilyn. did you think
he was the arsonist type?
I'm not. I'm the
clean-up crew type.
The type that gets
access to all kinds of tools.
Michael. I'm grateful
for this. I really am.
But I've made it a point
to keep my nose clean
ever since I walked
into this place.
32 years without a blemish.
If that parole board date
ever comes. I want to be ready.
I can't jeopardize that.
Sorry.
Michael.
Thanks. though. Really.
After what you went
through in the riot.
I thought you
might take a day off.
I'm fine.
I couldn't find anybody
to cover for me anyway.
I hope you don't feel
like you owe me anything.
I do. I'm. uh...
I really appreciate
what you did for me.
But?
But you told me that you had
been up in the crawlspace for PI.
and...
PI was never
assigned to go there.
We're done here. right?
Michael. don't be like that.
I just want some answers.
Thanks for the shot. Doc.
Sue Parsons. Headline Press.
Thanks for coming by.
I appreciate your
taking the time.
Appreciate you
looking into my case.
So. what can you tell me?
From what I understand.
you have numerous people
working on your behalf as we speak.
Yeah. um...
Well. Veronica Donovan.
She's my attorney.
And Nick Savrinn.
He works at Project
Justice. Savrinn.
Okay. Have they gotten very far?
Nothing to go to court
with. Not yet. anyway.
You ever think it's
just time to let go?
Accept what happened?
Let go. yeah.
Accept what happened. never.
I mean. would you. if
someone had set you up.
destroyed your life?
I guess I'm thinking in
terms of the pain and anguish
it's caused your
friends and loved ones.
People who care about
me. they believe me.
That's all that matters to
me right now. That's all I got.
You have a son.
Lincoln. Jr.. LJ.
Yeah. Why?
I have a source that tells me
if you accept what happened.
and stop fighting
your execution.
your son will be
left out of this.
If not.
I hope you said goodbye to him
when he left here this morning.
Who are you? One
Burrows is gonna die.
Up to you which one.
Who are you? Who are you?
Hey. don't let her go!
She threatened my son!
Please. no! She
threatened my son.
No!
LJ Burrows?
Yeah.
I'm Officer Hale
with juvenile court.
We just need to do a quick
survey of the residence.
Make sure the
environment here is reflective
of the terms of your probation.
Your parents home?
No. But they'll be
home any minute.
Well. then. I can get started.
LJ and his dad.
you never said how
it went this morning.
Sounded fine.
Of course. everything a 15-year-old
boy tells his mother is fine.
Look. no offense.
but can I see some
kind of identification?
Sure.
LJ. we're home.
LJ. you here?
Oh. my God.
Drop the phone. lady.
This is the only
warning I'm giving you.
Drop it.
Run!
LJ. go!
Pick up. Pick up. please.
Please answer. Come on.
LJ.
We're not here to hurt you.
Wh-Whoa.
911. Send.
You really think you're
gonna get to four buttons
before I get to one?
Come on.
LJ. get out of here!
Mom.
Where are you going. LJ?
What do you want from me?
Cooperation. that's all.
You want cooperation?
I know what you look
like. you son of a bitch!
I'm going to the police.
Going to the police. I don't
think that's such a good idea. LJ.
I mean. with your prints on
the murder weapon and all.
I didn't touch the
murder weapon.
Of course you didn't.
I know that and you know that.
I just don't think you're
gonna have much luck
convincing Ballistics of that.
Who the hell are you people?
Just concerned neighbors.
We heard a bit of a
ruckus at the Rix's house.
Gosh. you know. I guess we
really should've seen it coming.
I mean. all the
signs were there.
drug use. decline in
academic performance.
But we didn't think he'd
ever do something like this.
No one's gonna believe that.
Yes. they will.
And when they catch you.
and they will catch you. LJ.
they're gonna try
you as an adult.
You know what that means.
We can help you. LJ.
We're the only hope you got.
No. you're not.
She made that choice. not you.
Let's find the kid.
You got Marilyn back.
Sure did.
That's good.
How long ago you quit smoking?
A little over nine years now.
You don't mind. do you?
Feel a kinship
with you. Charles.
More than any other con here.
And we've seen
a lot. haven't we?
Sure have.
And correct me if I'm wrong.
but I've always
treated you fair.
I've always
appreciated that fact.
I've known Bob since
he was 18 years old.
I got him this job.
You can imagine
how responsible I feel.
I can't help you
with that. boss.
I think you can.
Word is he died
in front of your cell.
And you were right
here when it happened.
We've both been around
long enough to know
that when a con starts
that snitching business.
he's not long for this world.
Don't put me in
that position. boss.
If you don't tell
me who killed Bob
before I leave this cell.
our friendship goes with it.
That's a nice cat.
Westmoreland knows.
and his jaw ain't that strong.
What's this?
Nothing.
You stalker.
I'm not a stalker. I just...
I don't get it.
What is there to get?
He doesn't fit the profile.
Right? The man's
got a graduate degree.
He lives in my neighborhood.
Guys like that hang
out in Streeterville.
they drink single malt Scotch.
they pay $200 for Cubs tickets.
They don't rob banks.
Maybe he couldn't
afford season tickets.
Maybe that's why
he robbed the bank.
Thank you. I'm
actually being serious.
Can I ask you something?
Yeah.
Why do you care so much?
'Cause he lied to me.
They all lie to you.
Maybe because he's
the one guy in here
I can actually get to.
One guy I can make
a difference with.
Go home. girl.
You keep burning it
at both ends like this.
you're gonna
drive yourself crazy.
Good night.
I'm sorry. Burrows.
Both of them were dead by the
time the paramedics got there.
What about my son?
He's missing.
The police are treating
him as a fugitive.
A fugitive?
They found his prints
on the murder weapon.
It's impossible.
I. uh...
I need to call him.
No. I can't do that. What do
you mean you can't do that?
His life's in danger!
Look. Burrows!
The police have instructed me
that this is an
ongoing investigation.
And as such. any contact
you make with your son
could potentially aid
and abet him as a fugitive.
I'm sorry.
Warden. please!
Front gate open!
Let's go. man.
That's messed up. man.
Jeez. do he even know?
I don't think so.
Man. here he is.
What's up. T?
We family. right?
Hell. yeah. we are.
Well. I'm in a quandary.
and I need your help.
Name it.
Bellick's squeezing tighter
and tighter around here.
And you were right. Eventually.
somebody's mouth is gonna start moving.
Thing is. Trokey. if I get popped
for this. what with my priors.
and predisposition
to violent behavior.
I'll spend the rest
of my life in the SHU.
But if you come forward
with only your drug convictions
and a whole lot of remorse...
I can't do that. T.
I ain't finished yet.
No need. I ain't going
down for murdering no hack.
I mean. you understand
that. don't you?
You ain't mad. are you?
No. Trokey. I'm not mad.
I need out. I gotta find him.
You will. Both of us. Soon.
They're coming after
my family. Michael.
You've gotta trust me.
We're gonna get this
done. "Get this done."
How? Tell me. Michael. tell me.
You can't. can you?
I gotta get out of here
now. LJ's in trouble.
Scofield. Now how about it?
Just stick with me.
Yo. Bruce! Hey!
What's up. bro?
If you go out there.
they will gun you down.
I don't care anymore.
Well. you better start thinking
about what you're doing.
Because you can't
help LJ if you're dead.
What the hell's
going on in here?
We got a problem? No.
Well. then get on your feet.
Let's go. CO: There's a fire!
Son of a...
What the hell's going
on in Building 2? Come in.
Fire in the CO break room.
Thanks. I didn't do it for you.
Found the source. Someone
in here smoke these?
Bilsons?
Bellick.
Captain Bellick. got
someone to see you.
What the hell do you want?
I know who killed Bob. sir.
I don't know how that got there.
It's a mock. A mock!
You set me up! Let's go.
Bad enough you killed a guard.
Don't try to lay it off
on somebody else now.
You set me up! He set me up!
Wow.
Your father lived here? Yeah.
He wanted someplace that
was completely off the grid.
A place the government
didn't even know existed.
He tapped into the power lines.
A well supplies the
place with water.
Last few years of his life he
barely even left the property.
It's... Yeah.
When you spend so many years
fighting cops and prosecutors and judges
trying to take your freedom
for something you didn't do.
you used every cent you had in
attorney's fees. you wind up losing anyway.
Fifteen years of his life.
almost all of his
son's childhood.
I guess I can forgive him for
wanting to hide away. be left alone.
We'll be safe here until
we figure out our next move.
Hey. hold up here a
minute. Hold up here.
There seems to be
a bit of confusion.
I-I'm supposed
to be on this detail.
I don't think so.
Oh. John.
You can't be serious.
Not after our long illustrious
history we shared together.
All those nights
in New York City.
In California.
In St. Louis.
They were good times.
weren't they. John?
Tell the badge here about them.
'Cause if you don't want to.
I certainly could.
I want this place gutted.
The drywall's gotta be torn out.
The studs gotta be removed.
Boss. we got some
toxic issues here.
Asbestos. to start with.
Take it up with the union.
All I'm saying is. this room
is your only priority now.
It better be brand spanking
new when you're done.
If anybody's thinking
about getting cute.
trying to trunk one of
these tools out of here.
Brady's got the outline of every
single piece of hardware in here.
And at the end of every day.
every single piece better match up.
or you're all going to the hole.
Let's go.
This goes down four feet.
It connects to the
main line below.
All we gotta do is widen it.
and we've got ourselves
an on-ramp to Route 66.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
They're gonna hear this. man.
They won't.
Come on. pretty. We a team now.
Best get cracking. eh?
You. shut up.
You really think you're
gonna get to four buttons
before I get to one?
I don't have my glasses.
How 'bout you read this for me?
Tell me the news. The
latest developments.
Evidently. there
was an explosion
in a Gold Coast apartment
in Chicago yesterday.
Gas line. Everyone
inside was killed.
Shame. Anything else?
How about that
kid up in Oak Park?
The one they say
killed his parents.
Oh. they got him. They did?
He's in custody. Good.
I imagine heads would've rolled
if he hadn't been caught.
Lives would've been lost.
How about you
hand that back to me?
Now that it's yesterday's news.
we can put it
behind us. can't we?
Move on to the next
chapter of our lives.
You're not just doing
this for me. you know.
Or my brother.
Yes?
They're ready for you.
Madam Vice President.
You're doing it
for your country.
Madam Vice President.
a question. please.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm